# Reflection Questions
### **QR1.** Which concept was hardest to understand: lists and loops, classes and methods, exception handling, or async/await? Walk through the specific moment of confusion and explain how you eventually understood it.

> **Answer:** I can't say these are the "hardest" concept for me to understand but the once confusing me at first was Future and Final, because I wasn't familiar with those concepts before. What confused me the most was why we need final when we have const and printing a future variable gives us Instance of 'Future\<dynamic\>'. After watching some youtube videos I understood that even though we use both const and final to make a variable that has unchangable value, const values needs to be determined before compiling the code where as final can be determined during runtime. Another thing I noticed is that when creating a constant list or set we can't change the values inside those in any way, where as in final List or set we can change the values inside them after declaration in any way we want as long as we don't try to change the variable as a whole. When we come to Future I understood that we can't directly assign a value to it rather we use Future.value("our value") to assign specific value we want. However, if we try to print a Future variable we get "Instance of 'Future\<dynamic\>'" because the value of that variable is not determined during the declaration rather after sometime from the time it is declared. So, printing that variable immidately won't give us the actual value.

### **QR2.** Look at your Task 1 solution. If you had to change your code to analyze a list of floating-point numbers (List<double>) instead of integers, how many places in your code would need to change? What does this tell you about the importance of thinking about data types during design? 

> **Answer:** about 21 parts needs change to make the code work for floating-point numbers. It is very important to think about what the data types are going to be before implementing because they define the structure of our code or how the structure should be, like what operations to use, or how we evaluate and compare them. In this case int and double has some similar properties so the changes we need to make are somewhat smaller than it could be for lets say a String since we don't have a maximum nor minimum or the sum won't work as it does fo numbers so we need to restructure not only the code but also the idea we are trying to find.

### **QR3.** In Task 2, you simulated a network delay using Future.delayed(). Describe a real Flutter app feature where you would need to actually await a real asynchronous operation — not just a simulated delay. What would the Future resolve to, and what would happen to the UI while the user was waiting? 

> **Answer:** In a real Flutter app we may need to fetch some data(like images or other files) form a server or web which takes some time to process, in such cases we need to use asyncronous operations. To show the process we may use a loadding screen or a loading symbol to that specific widget(like for the position of the image that is being loaded).

### **QR4.** If a colleague asked you: 'Why not just use a single function that takes the operation name as a parameter, rather than writing separate add(), subtract(), multiply(), and divide() methods?' — what would you say? Are there advantages to both approaches? 

> **Answer:** Because of modularization(breacking large problems into smaller and manageble parts) make our code maintanable and easy to test. Meaning if we want to test if divide works as we want, we can evaluate that specific method without being involved with other part of the program. When an error occures it is easy to determine in which part the problem is occuring. And yes there are advantages to use both approaches, for example; if a specific operation is used repeatedly making it a separate function is advantagious making it reusable throughout our code, but using a single function may come useful to centralize the operations in one function makes it easier to call one function rather than having multiple functions to call. 
